.TH BOOBMSG 1 "10 October 2011" "boobmsg 0\&.9"
.SH NAME
boobmsg
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B boobmsg
[\-dqv] [\-b \fIbackends\fR] [\-cnfs] [\fIcommand\fR [\fIarguments\fR..]]
.br
.B boobmsg
[\-\-help] [\-\-version]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP

Console application allowing to send messages on various websites and to display message threads and contents.

.SS Supported websites:
* aum (“Adopte un mec” french dating website)
.br
* bouygues (Bouygues french mobile phone provider)
.br
* dlfp (Da Linux French Page)
.br
* ecrans (Ecrans French news website)
.br
* fourchan (4chan website)
.br
* hds (histoires\-de\-sexe.net french erotic novels)
.br
* inrocks (Inrock French news website)
.br
* lefigaro (Lefigaro French news website)
.br
* minutes20 (20minutes French news  website)
.br
* newsfeed (Loads RSS and Atom feeds from any website)
.br
* orange (Orange french mobile phone provider)
.br
* phpbb (phpBB forum)
.br
* sfr (SFR french mobile phone provider)
.SH BOOBMSG COMMANDS
.TP
\fBexport_all\fR
.br
Export All threads
.TP
\fBexport_thread\fR
.br
Export a thread
.TP
\fBlist\fR
.br
Display all threads.
.TP
\fBpost\fR \fIRECEIVER\fR@\fIBACKEND\fR[,\fIRECEIVER\fR@\fIBACKEND\fR[...]] [\fITEXT\fR]
.br
Post a message to the specified receivers.
.br
Multiple receivers are separated by a comma.
.br

.br
If no text is supplied on command line, the content of message is read on stdin.
.TP
\fBshow\fR \fIMESSAGE\fR
.br
Read a message
.TP
\fBstatus\fR
.br
Display status information about a backend.
.SH WEBOOB COMMANDS
.TP
\fBbackends\fR [\fIACTION\fR] [\fIBACKEND_NAME\fR]...
.br
Select used backends.
.br

.br
ACTION is one of the following (default: list):
.br
* enable    enable given backends
.br
* disable   disable given backends
.br
* only      enable given backends and disable the others
.br
* list      display enabled and available backends
.br
* add       add a backend
.br
* register  register a new account on a website
.br
* edit      edit a backend
.br
* remove    remove a backend
.TP
\fBcd\fR \fIPATH\fR
.br
Follow a path.
.TP
\fBcondition\fR [\fIEXPRESSION\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the condition expression used to filter the results.
.br
If the "off" value is given, conditional filtering is disabled.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current condition expression.
.TP
\fBcount\fR [\fINUMBER\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the maximum number of results fetched.
.br
NUMBER must be at least 1.
.br
"off" value disables counting, and allows infinite searches.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current count value.
.TP
\fBformatter\fR [list | \fIFORMATTER\fR [\fICOMMAND\fR] | option \fIOPTION_NAME\fR [on | off]]
.br
If a FORMATTER is given, set the formatter to use.
.br
You can add a COMMAND to apply the formatter change only to
.br
a given command.
.br

.br
If the argument is "list", print the available formatters.
.br

.br
If the argument is "option", set the formatter options.
.br
Valid options are: header, keys.
.br
If on/off value is given, set the value of the option.
.br
If not, print the current value for the option.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current formatter.
.TP
\fBinspect\fR \fIBACKEND_NAME\fR
.br
Display the HTML string of the current page of the specified backend's browser.
.br

.br
If webkit_mechanize_browser Python module is installed, HTML is displayed in a WebKit GUI.
.TP
\fBlogging\fR [\fILEVEL\fR]
.br
Set logging level.
.br

.br
Availables: debug, info, warning, error.
.br
* quiet is an alias for error
.br
* default is an alias for warning
.TP
\fBls\fR
.br
List objects in current path.
.TP
\fBquit\fR
.br
Quit the application.
.TP
\fBselect\fR [\fIFIELD_NAME\fR]... | "$direct" | "$full"
.br
If an argument is given, set the selected fields.
.br
$direct selects all fields loaded in one http request.
.br
$full selects all fields using as much http requests as necessary.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the currently selected fields.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-b BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-backends=BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to enable (comma separated)

.SH BOOBMSG OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-skip\-empty\fR
Don't send messages with an empty body.
.TP
\fB\-t TITLE\fR, \fB\-\-title=TITLE\fR
For the "post" command, set a title to message

.SH LOGGING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
display debug messages
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
display only error messages
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
display info messages
.TP
\fB\-\-logging\-file=LOGGING_FILE\fR
file to save logs
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-save\-responses\fR
save every response

.SH RESULTS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c CONDITION\fR, \fB\-\-condition=CONDITION\fR
filter result items to display given a boolean expression
.TP
\fB\-n COUNT\fR, \fB\-\-count=COUNT\fR
get a maximum number of results (all backends merged)
.TP
\fB\-s SELECT\fR, \fB\-\-select=SELECT\fR
select result item keys to display (comma separated)

.SH FORMATTING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f FORMATTER\fR, \fB\-\-formatter=FORMATTER\fR
select output formatter (csv, htmltable, msg, msglist, multiline, simple, table,
webkit, xhtml)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-header\fR
do not display header
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-keys\fR
do not display item keys
.TP
\fB\-O OUTFILE\fR, \fB\-\-outfile=OUTFILE\fR
file to export result

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright(C) 2010-2011 Christophe Benz
.LP
For full COPYRIGHT see COPYING file with weboob package.
.LP
.RE
.SH FILES
"~/.weboob/backends" 

.SH SEE ALSO
Home page: http://weboob.org/Boobmsg
