.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.TH BOOBANK 1 "03 August 2013" "boobank 0\&.g"
.SH NAME
boobank \- manage bank accounts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B boobank
[\-dqv] [\-b \fIbackends\fR] [\-cnfs] [\fIcommand\fR [\fIarguments\fR..]]
.br
.B boobank
[\-\-help] [\-\-version]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP

Console application allowing to list your bank accounts and get their balance, display accounts history and coming bank operations, and transfer money from an account to another (if available).

.SS Supported websites:
* americanexpress (American Express French bank website)
.br
* axabanque (AXA Banque French bank website)
.br
* banquepopulaire (Banque Populaire French bank website)
.br
* barclays (Barclays French bank website)
.br
* bnporc (BNP Paribas French bank website)
.br
* boursorama (Boursorama French bank website)
.br
* bp (La Banque Postale French bank website)
.br
* bred (BRED French bank website)
.br
* caissedepargne (Caisse d'Épargne French bank website)
.br
* carrefourbanque (Carrefour Banque French bank website)
.br
* cic (CIC French bank website)
.br
* citelis (citelis website)
.br
* cmb (Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne French bank website)
.br
* cmso (Crédit Mutuel Sud\-Ouest French bank website)
.br
* cragr (Crédit Agricole French bank website)
.br
* creditcooperatif (Crédit Coopératif French bank website)
.br
* creditdunord (Crédit du Nord, Banque Courtois, Kolb, Tarneaud French bank website)
.br
* creditmutuel (Crédit Mutuel French bank website)
.br
* delubac (Banque Delubac & Cie)
.br
* fortuneo (Fortuneo French bank website)
.br
* ganassurances (Groupama Assurances French bank website)
.br
* hellobank (Hello Bank ! website)
.br
* hsbc (HSBC France bank website)
.br
* ing (ING Direct French bank website)
.br
* lcl (Le Crédit Lyonnais French bank website)
.br
* paypal (PayPal money transfer website)
.br
* societegenerale (Société Générale French bank website)
.SH BOOBANK COMMANDS
.TP
\fBcoming\fR \fIID\fR [\fIEND_DATE\fR]
.br
Display future transactions.
.br

.br
If END_DATE is supplied, show all transactions until this date.
.br

.br
Default is limited to 10 results.
.TP
\fBhistory\fR \fIID\fR [\fIEND_DATE\fR]
.br
Display history of transactions.
.br

.br
If END_DATE is supplied, list all transactions until this date.
.br

.br
Default is limited to 10 results.
.TP
\fBinvestment\fR \fIID\fR
.br
Display investments of an account.
.TP
\fBlist\fR
.br
List accounts.
.TP
\fBtransfer\fR \fIACCOUNT\fR [\fIRECIPIENT\fR \fIAMOUNT\fR [\fIREASON\fR]]
.br
Make a transfer beetwen two account
.br
\- ACCOUNT    the source account
.br
\- RECIPIENT  the recipient
.br
\- AMOUNT     amount to transfer
.br
\- REASON     reason of transfer
.br

.br
If you give only the ACCOUNT parameter, it lists all the
.br
available recipients for this account.
.SH WEBOOB COMMANDS
.TP
\fBbackends\fR [\fIACTION\fR] [\fIBACKEND_NAME\fR]...
.br
Select used backends.
.br

.br
ACTION is one of the following (default: list):
.br
* enable         enable given backends
.br
* disable        disable given backends
.br
* only           enable given backends and disable the others
.br
* list           list backends
.br
* add            add a backend
.br
* register       register a new account on a website
.br
* edit           edit a backend
.br
* remove         remove a backend
.br
* list\-modules   list modules
.TP
\fBcd\fR [\fIPATH\fR]
.br
Follow a path.
.br
".." is a special case and goes up one directory.
.br
"" is a special case and goes home.
.TP
\fBcondition\fR [\fIEXPRESSION\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the condition expression used to filter the results.
.br
If the "off" value is given, conditional filtering is disabled.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current condition expression.
.TP
\fBcount\fR [\fINUMBER\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the maximum number of results fetched.
.br
NUMBER must be at least 1.
.br
"off" value disables counting, and allows infinite searches.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current count value.
.TP
\fBformatter\fR [list | \fIFORMATTER\fR [\fICOMMAND\fR] | option \fIOPTION_NAME\fR [on | off]]
.br
If a FORMATTER is given, set the formatter to use.
.br
You can add a COMMAND to apply the formatter change only to
.br
a given command.
.br

.br
If the argument is "list", print the available formatters.
.br

.br
If the argument is "option", set the formatter options.
.br
Valid options are: header, keys.
.br
If on/off value is given, set the value of the option.
.br
If not, print the current value for the option.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current formatter.
.TP
\fBinspect\fR \fIBACKEND_NAME\fR
.br
Display the HTML string of the current page of the specified backend's browser.
.br

.br
If webkit_mechanize_browser Python module is installed, HTML is displayed in a WebKit GUI.
.TP
\fBlogging\fR [\fILEVEL\fR]
.br
Set logging level.
.br

.br
Availables: debug, info, warning, error.
.br
* quiet is an alias for error
.br
* default is an alias for warning
.TP
\fBls\fR [\-d] [\fIPATH\fR]
.br
List objects in current path.
.br
If an argument is given, list the specified path.
.TP
\fBquit\fR
.br
Quit the application.
.TP
\fBselect\fR [\fIFIELD_NAME\fR]... | "$direct" | "$full"
.br
If an argument is given, set the selected fields.
.br
$direct selects all fields loaded in one http request.
.br
$full selects all fields using as much http requests as necessary.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the currently selected fields.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-b BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-backends=BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to enable (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-e EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-exclude\-backends=EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to exclude (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-insecure\fR
do not validate SSL

.SH LOGGING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
display debug messages
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
display only error messages
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
display info messages
.TP
\fB\-\-logging\-file=LOGGING_FILE\fR
file to save logs
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-save\-responses\fR
save every response

.SH RESULTS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c CONDITION\fR, \fB\-\-condition=CONDITION\fR
filter result items to display given a boolean expression
.TP
\fB\-n COUNT\fR, \fB\-\-count=COUNT\fR
limit number of results (from each backends)
.TP
\fB\-s SELECT\fR, \fB\-\-select=SELECT\fR
select result item keys to display (comma separated)

.SH FORMATTING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f FORMATTER\fR, \fB\-\-formatter=FORMATTER\fR
select output formatter (account_list, csv, htmltable, investment_list, json,
multiline, ops_list, pretty_qif, qif, recipient_list, simple, table, transfer,
webkit)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-header\fR
do not display header
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-keys\fR
do not display item keys
.TP
\fB\-O OUTFILE\fR, \fB\-\-outfile=OUTFILE\fR
file to export result

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright(C) 2010-2011 Romain Bignon, Christophe Benz
.LP
For full COPYRIGHT see COPYING file with weboob package.
.LP
.RE
.SH FILES
"~/.config/weboob/backends" 

.SH SEE ALSO
Home page: http://weboob.org/applications/boobank
