.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.TH BOOBILL 1 "03 August 2013" "boobill 0\&.g"
.SH NAME
boobill \- get and download bills
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B boobill
[\-dqv] [\-b \fIbackends\fR] [\-cnfs] [\fIcommand\fR [\fIarguments\fR..]]
.br
.B boobill
[\-\-help] [\-\-version]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP

Console application allowing to get and download bills.

.SS Supported websites:
* ameli (Ameli website: French Health Insurance)
.br
* amelipro (Ameli website: French Health Insurance for Professionals)
.br
* freemobile (Free Mobile website)
.br
* gdfsuez (GdF\-Suez website)
.br
* ing (ING Direct French bank website)
.br
* leclercmobile (Leclerc Mobile website)
.br
* nettokom (Nettokom website)
.SH BOOBILL COMMANDS
.TP
\fBbalance\fR [\fII\fRd]
.br
Get balance of subscriptions.
.br
If no ID given, display balance of all backends
.TP
\fBbills\fR [\fII\fRd]
.br
Get the list of bills documents for subscriptions.
.br
If no ID given, display bills of all backends
.br

.br
Default is limited to 10 results.
.TP
\fBdetails\fR [\fIID\fR]
.br
Get details of subscriptions.
.br
If no ID given, display all details of all backends
.TP
\fBdownload\fR [\fII\fRd | all] [\fIFILENAME\fR]
.br
download Id [FILENAME]
.br

.br
download the bill
.br
id is the identifier of the bill (hint: try bills command)
.br
FILENAME is where to write the file. If FILENAME is '\-',
.br
the file is written to stdout.
.br

.br
download all [Id]
.br

.br
You can use special word "all" and download all bills of
.br
subscription identified by Id.
.br
If Id not given, download bills of all subscriptions.
.TP
\fBhistory\fR [\fII\fRd]
.br
Get the history of subscriptions.
.br
If no ID given, display histories of all backends
.br

.br
Default is limited to 10 results.
.TP
\fBsubscriptions\fR
.br
List subscriptions
.SH WEBOOB COMMANDS
.TP
\fBbackends\fR [\fIACTION\fR] [\fIBACKEND_NAME\fR]...
.br
Select used backends.
.br

.br
ACTION is one of the following (default: list):
.br
* enable         enable given backends
.br
* disable        disable given backends
.br
* only           enable given backends and disable the others
.br
* list           list backends
.br
* add            add a backend
.br
* register       register a new account on a website
.br
* edit           edit a backend
.br
* remove         remove a backend
.br
* list\-modules   list modules
.TP
\fBcd\fR [\fIPATH\fR]
.br
Follow a path.
.br
".." is a special case and goes up one directory.
.br
"" is a special case and goes home.
.TP
\fBcondition\fR [\fIEXPRESSION\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the condition expression used to filter the results.
.br
If the "off" value is given, conditional filtering is disabled.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current condition expression.
.TP
\fBcount\fR [\fINUMBER\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the maximum number of results fetched.
.br
NUMBER must be at least 1.
.br
"off" value disables counting, and allows infinite searches.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current count value.
.TP
\fBformatter\fR [list | \fIFORMATTER\fR [\fICOMMAND\fR] | option \fIOPTION_NAME\fR [on | off]]
.br
If a FORMATTER is given, set the formatter to use.
.br
You can add a COMMAND to apply the formatter change only to
.br
a given command.
.br

.br
If the argument is "list", print the available formatters.
.br

.br
If the argument is "option", set the formatter options.
.br
Valid options are: header, keys.
.br
If on/off value is given, set the value of the option.
.br
If not, print the current value for the option.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current formatter.
.TP
\fBinspect\fR \fIBACKEND_NAME\fR
.br
Display the HTML string of the current page of the specified backend's browser.
.br

.br
If webkit_mechanize_browser Python module is installed, HTML is displayed in a WebKit GUI.
.TP
\fBlogging\fR [\fILEVEL\fR]
.br
Set logging level.
.br

.br
Availables: debug, info, warning, error.
.br
* quiet is an alias for error
.br
* default is an alias for warning
.TP
\fBls\fR [\-d] [\fIPATH\fR]
.br
List objects in current path.
.br
If an argument is given, list the specified path.
.TP
\fBquit\fR
.br
Quit the application.
.TP
\fBselect\fR [\fIFIELD_NAME\fR]... | "$direct" | "$full"
.br
If an argument is given, set the selected fields.
.br
$direct selects all fields loaded in one http request.
.br
$full selects all fields using as much http requests as necessary.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the currently selected fields.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-b BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-backends=BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to enable (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-e EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-exclude\-backends=EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to exclude (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-insecure\fR
do not validate SSL

.SH LOGGING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
display debug messages
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
display only error messages
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
display info messages
.TP
\fB\-\-logging\-file=LOGGING_FILE\fR
file to save logs
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-save\-responses\fR
save every response

.SH RESULTS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c CONDITION\fR, \fB\-\-condition=CONDITION\fR
filter result items to display given a boolean expression
.TP
\fB\-n COUNT\fR, \fB\-\-count=COUNT\fR
limit number of results (from each backends)
.TP
\fB\-s SELECT\fR, \fB\-\-select=SELECT\fR
select result item keys to display (comma separated)

.SH FORMATTING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f FORMATTER\fR, \fB\-\-formatter=FORMATTER\fR
select output formatter (csv, htmltable, json, multiline, simple, subscriptions,
table, webkit)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-header\fR
do not display header
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-keys\fR
do not display item keys
.TP
\fB\-O OUTFILE\fR, \fB\-\-outfile=OUTFILE\fR
file to export result

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright(C) 2012 Florent Fourcot
.LP
For full COPYRIGHT see COPYING file with weboob package.
.LP
.RE
.SH FILES
"~/.config/weboob/backends" 

.SH SEE ALSO
Home page: http://weboob.org/applications/boobill
