.TH HAVESEX 1 "08 January 2011" "havesex 0\&.5"
.SH NAME
havesex
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B havesex
[\-dqv] [\-b \fIbackends\fR] [\-cnfs] [\fIcommand\fR [\fIarguments\fR..]]
.br
.B havesex
[\-\-help] [\-\-version]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP

Havesex is a console application to interact with dating websites and to help you to seduce women.

.SS Supported websites:
* aum (“Adopte un mec” french dating website)
.SH HAVESEX COMMANDS
.TP
\fBoptim\fR [list | start | edit | stop] \fIBACKEND\fR [\fIOPTIM\fR1 [\fIOPTIM\fR2 ...]]
.br
All dating backends offer optimization services. This command can be
.br
manage them.
.br
Use * us BACKEND value to apply command to all backends.
.br

.br
Commands:
.br
* list       list all available optimizations of a backend
.br
* start      start optimization services on a backend
.br
* edit       configure an optimization service for a backend
.br
* stop       stop optimization services on a backend
.TP
\fBprofile\fR \fIID\fR
.br
Display a profile
.TP
\fBquery\fR \fIID\fR
.br
Send a query to someone.
.SH WEBOOB COMMANDS
.TP
\fBbackends\fR [\fIACTION\fR] [\fIBACKEND_NAME\fR]...
.br
Select used backends.
.br

.br
ACTION is one of the following (default: list):
.br
* enable    enable given backends
.br
* disable   disable given backends
.br
* only      enable given backends and disable the others
.br
* list      display enabled and available backends
.br
* add       add a backend
.br
* register  register a new account on a website
.br
* edit      edit a backend
.br
* remove    remove a backend
.TP
\fBcondition\fR [\fIEXPRESSION\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the condition expression used to filter the results.
.br
If the "off" value is given, conditional filtering is disabled.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current condition expression.
.TP
\fBcount\fR [\fINUMBER\fR | off]
.br
If an argument is given, set the maximum number of results fetched.
.br
NUMBER must be at least 1.
.br
"off" value disables counting, and allows infinite searches.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current count value.
.TP
\fBformatter\fR [list | \fIFORMATTER\fR [\fICOMMAND\fR] | option \fIOPTION_NAME\fR [on | off]]
.br
If a FORMATTER is given, set the formatter to use.
.br
You can add a COMMAND to apply the formatter change only to
.br
a given command.
.br

.br
If the argument is "list", print the available formatters.
.br

.br
If the argument is "option", set the formatter options.
.br
Valid options are: header, keys.
.br
If on/off value is given, set the value of the option.
.br
If not, print the current value for the option.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the current formatter.
.TP
\fBinspect\fR \fIBACKEND_NAME\fR
.br
Display the HTML string of the current page of the specified backend's browser.
.br

.br
If webkit_mechanize_browser Python module is installed, HTML is displayed in a WebKit GUI.
.TP
\fBlogging\fR [\fILEVEL\fR]
.br
Set logging level.
.br

.br
Availables: debug, info, warning, error.
.br
* quiet is an alias for error
.br
* default is an alias for warning
.TP
\fBselect\fR [\fIFIELD_NAME\fR]... | "$direct" | "$full"
.br
If an argument is given, set the selected fields.
.br
$direct selects all fields loaded in one http request.
.br
$full selects all fields using as much http requests as necessary.
.br

.br
If no argument is given, print the currently selected fields.
.TP
\fBquit\fR
.br
Quit the application.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-b BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-backends=BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to enable (comma separated)

.SH LOGGING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
display debug messages
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
display only error messages
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
display info messages
.TP
\fB\-\-logging\-file=LOGGING_FILE\fR
file to save logs
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-save\-responses\fR
save every response

.SH RESULTS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c CONDITION\fR, \fB\-\-condition=CONDITION\fR
filter result items to display given a boolean expression
.TP
\fB\-n COUNT\fR, \fB\-\-count=COUNT\fR
get a maximum number of results (all backends merged)
.TP
\fB\-s SELECT\fR, \fB\-\-select=SELECT\fR
select result item keys to display (comma separated)

.SH FORMATTING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f FORMATTER\fR, \fB\-\-formatter=FORMATTER\fR
select output formatter (csv, htmltable, multiline, profile, simple, table,
webkit)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-header\fR
do not display header
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-keys\fR
do not display item keys

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright(C) 2010 Romain Bignon
.LP
For full COPYRIGHT see COPYING file with weboob package.
.LP
.RE
.SH FILES
"~/.weboob/backends" 

.SH SEE ALSO
Home page: http://weboob.org/Havesex
