.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.TH WEBOOB-CLI 1 "19 May 2014" "weboob-cli 0\&.i"
.SH NAME
weboob-cli \- call a method on backends
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B weboob\-cli
[\-dqv] [\-b \fIbackends\fR] [\-cnfs] \fIcapability\fR \fImethod\fR [\fIarguments\fR..]
.br
.B weboob\-cli
[\-\-help] [\-\-version]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP

Weboob\-Cli is a console application to call a specific method on backends which implement the given capability.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-b BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-backends=BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to enable (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-e EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-exclude\-backends=EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to exclude (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-insecure\fR
do not validate SSL

.SH LOGGING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
display debug messages
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
display only error messages
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
display info messages
.TP
\fB\-\-logging\-file=LOGGING_FILE\fR
file to save logs
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-save\-responses\fR
save every response

.SH RESULTS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c CONDITION\fR, \fB\-\-condition=CONDITION\fR
filter result items to display given a boolean expression. See CONDITION section
for the syntax
.TP
\fB\-n COUNT\fR, \fB\-\-count=COUNT\fR
limit number of results (from each backends)
.TP
\fB\-s SELECT\fR, \fB\-\-select=SELECT\fR
select result item keys to display (comma separated)

.SH FORMATTING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f FORMATTER\fR, \fB\-\-formatter=FORMATTER\fR
select output formatter (csv, htmltable, json, json_line, multiline, simple,
table, webkit)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-header\fR
do not display header
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-keys\fR
do not display item keys
.TP
\fB\-O OUTFILE\fR, \fB\-\-outfile=OUTFILE\fR
file to export result

.SH CONDITION
The \-c and \-\-condition is a flexible way to sort and get only interesting results. It supports conditions on numerical values, dates, and strings. Dates are given in YYYY\-MM\-DD format.
The syntax of one expression is "\fBfield operator value\fR". The field to test is always the left member of the expression.
.LP
The field is a member of the objects returned by the command. For example, a bank account has "balance", "coming" or "label" fields.
.SS The following operators are supported:
.TP
=
Test if object.field is equal to the value.
.TP
!=
Test if object.field is not equal to the value.
.TP
>
Test if object.field is greater than the value. If object.field is date, return true if value is before that object.field.
.TP
<
Test if object.field is less than the value. If object.field is date, return true if value is after that object.field.
.TP
|
This operator is available only for string fields. It works like the Unix standard \fBgrep\fR command, and returns True if the pattern specified in the value is in object.field.
.SS Expression combination
You can make a expression combinations with the keywords \fB" AND "\fR and \fB" OR "\fR.

.SS Examples:
.nf
.B boobank ls \-\-condition 'label=Livret A'
.fi
Display only the "Livret A" account.
.PP
.nf
.B boobank ls \-\-condition 'balance>10000'
.fi
Display accounts with a lot of money.
.PP
.nf
.B boobank history account@backend \-\-condition 'label|rewe'
.fi
Get transactions containing "rewe".
.PP
.nf
.B boobank history account@backend \-\-condition 'date>2013\-12\-01 AND date<2013\-12\-09'
.fi
Get transactions betweens the 2th December and 8th December 2013.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright(C) 2010-2011 Romain Bignon
.LP
For full COPYRIGHT see COPYING file with weboob package.
.LP
.RE
.SH FILES
"~/.config/weboob/backends" 

.SH SEE ALSO
Home page: http://weboob.org/applications/weboob-cli
