.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.TH WEBOOB-CONFIG 1 "03 August 2013" "weboob-config 0\&.g"
.SH NAME
weboob-config \- manage backends or register new accounts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B weboob\-config
[\-dqv] [\-b \fIbackends\fR] [\-cnfs] [\fIcommand\fR [\fIarguments\fR..]]
.br
.B weboob\-config
[\-\-help] [\-\-version]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP

Weboob\-Config is a console application to add/edit/remove backends, and to register new website accounts.

.SH WEBOOB\-CONFIG COMMANDS
.TP
\fBadd\fR \fINAME\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR ...]
.br
Add a backend.
.TP
\fBapplications\fR
.br
Show applications.
.TP
\fBconfirm\fR \fIBACKEND\fR
.br
For a backend which support CapAccount, parse a confirmation mail
.br
after using the 'register' command to automatically confirm the
.br
subscribe.
.br

.br
It takes mail from stdin. Use it with postfix for example.
.TP
\fBdisable\fR \fIBACKEND\fR
.br
Disable a backend
.TP
\fBedit\fR \fIBACKEND\fR
.br
Edit a backend
.TP
\fBenable\fR \fIBACKEND\fR
.br
Enable a disabled backend
.TP
\fBinfo\fR \fINAME\fR
.br
Display information about a module.
.TP
\fBlist\fR [\fICAPS\fR ..]
.br
Show backends.
.TP
\fBmodules\fR [\fICAPS\fR ...]
.br
Show available modules.
.TP
\fBregister\fR \fIMODULE\fR
.br
Register a new account on a module.
.TP
\fBremove\fR \fINAME\fR
.br
Remove a backend.
.TP
\fBupdate\fR
.br
Update weboob.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-b BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-backends=BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to enable (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-e EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR, \fB\-\-exclude\-backends=EXCLUDE_BACKENDS\fR
what backend(s) to exclude (comma separated)
.TP
\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-insecure\fR
do not validate SSL

.SH LOGGING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
display debug messages
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
display only error messages
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
display info messages
.TP
\fB\-\-logging\-file=LOGGING_FILE\fR
file to save logs
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-save\-responses\fR
save every response

.SH RESULTS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c CONDITION\fR, \fB\-\-condition=CONDITION\fR
filter result items to display given a boolean expression
.TP
\fB\-n COUNT\fR, \fB\-\-count=COUNT\fR
limit number of results (from each backends)
.TP
\fB\-s SELECT\fR, \fB\-\-select=SELECT\fR
select result item keys to display (comma separated)

.SH FORMATTING OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f FORMATTER\fR, \fB\-\-formatter=FORMATTER\fR
select output formatter (csv, htmltable, json, multiline, simple, table, webkit)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-header\fR
do not display header
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-keys\fR
do not display item keys
.TP
\fB\-O OUTFILE\fR, \fB\-\-outfile=OUTFILE\fR
file to export result

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright(C) 2010-2012 Christophe Benz, Romain Bignon
.LP
For full COPYRIGHT see COPYING file with weboob package.
.LP
.RE
.SH FILES
"~/.config/weboob/backends" 

.SH SEE ALSO
Home page: http://weboob.org/applications/weboob-config
